---
title: "Talk 1 on Relevant Topic in Your Field"
collection: talks
type: "Talk"
permalink: /talks/2012-03-01-talk-1
venue: "UC San Francisco, Department of Testing"
date: 2012-03-01
location: "San Francisco, CA, USA"
---

## 2025

XXVI Conference on International Economics, Juame I University, Spain. <br/>


German Development Economics Conference, Goethe University, Frankfurt, Germany. <br/>


17th International Conference on Climate Change: Impacts & Responses, Miami, USA. <br/>


## 2024


EMANES Annual Conference, Barcelona, Spain. <br/>


Health, Environment, Development and Growth Economics (HEDGE) Conference, Pisa, Italy. <br/>


## 2023


EMANES Annual Conference: Novel Approaches for Regional Partnerships in the EU Mediterranean
and Africa, Barcelona, Spain. <br/>


African Economic Research Consortium (AERC) Gender Mainstreaming and Market Modelling Workshop for Faculty and Research Network Members,
Johannesburg, South Africa. <br/>

Promoting Interdisciplinary Research in West Africa - A Writing Workshop held at the Kwame
Nkrumah University of Science and Technology in Kumasi, Ghana. <br/>


African Economic Research Consortium Impact Evaluation Retooling Workshop for Faculty and Research Network Members Nairobi, Kenya. <br/>

PhD. Meeting on Economics, Finance and Business, Juame I University, Castell´o de la Plana, Valencia, Spain. <br/>
 
15th FIW Conference on International Economics, Vienna University of Economics and Business, Vienna, Austria. <br/>


## 2022


Jena Talk: Paper Presentation to the Faculty of Economics and Business at the Friedrich Schiller University
of Jena, Germany. <br/>

63rd Annual Italian Economic Association Conference, University of Turin, Turin, Italy. <br/>

3rd Australia-Europe Economic Dialogue, The Friedrich Schiller University of Jena, Jena, Germany. <br/>

## 2019


 African Review of Economics and Finance Conference, Wits Business School, Johannesburg, South Africa. <br/>
